README.md ID review (#2)
gkwan-ibm/langchain4j-examples: jakartaee-microprofile-example/README.md

### Try out other models

Navigate to the the [OpenAPI UI](http://localhost:9080/openapi/ui) URL for the following 3 REST APIs:

- [HuggingFaceLanguageMode](https://github.com/langchain4j/langchain4j/blob/main/langchain4j-hugging-face/src/main/java/dev/langchain4j/model/huggingface/HuggingFaceLanguageModel.java)
  - Expand the GET `/api/model/language` API.
    1. Click the **Try it out** button.
    2. Type `When was langchain4j launched?`, or any question, in the question field.
    3. Click the **Execute** button.
  - Alternatively, run the following `curl` command from a command-line session:
    - ```
      curl 'http://localhost:9080/api/model/language?question=When%20was%20langchain4j%20launched%3F'
      ```
- [HuggingFaceChatMode](https://github.com/langchain4j/langchain4j/blob/main/langchain4j-hugging-face/src/main/java/dev/langchain4j/model/huggingface/HuggingFaceChatModel.java)
  - expand the GET `/api/model/language` API
    1. Click the **Try it out** button.

>     2. Type `Which are the most popular?`, or any question, in the question field. 

Author: > Which are the most popular?

This doesn't seem like a good example question for an LLM- there's not context, ie which _what_ are most popular?

Reviewer: Because there is a pre-set message, the question will make sense.
- see this [code block](https://github.com/gkwan-ibm/langchain4j-examples/blob/jee-mp-example/jakartaee-microprofile-example/src/main/java/dev/langchain4j/example/rest/ModelResource.java#L73-L100)
- the pre-set message at [line 90](https://github.com/gkwan-ibm/langchain4j-examples/blob/jee-mp-example/jakartaee-microprofile-example/src/main/java/dev/langchain4j/example/rest/ModelResource.java#L89-L90)

>     2. Type `Which are the most popular?`, or any question, in the question field. 

Author: ```suggestion
    2. Type `What are the most popular LLMs?`, or any question, in the question field. 
```

>     2. Type `What are the most popular LLMs?`, or any question, in the question field. 

Author: ```suggestion
    2. Type `Which are the most used Large Language Models`, or any question, in the question field.
